[Music]
when Elijah spoke to the woman whose son
he had restored to life arise and go you
and your household and stay wherever you
can for the Lord has called for a famine
and furthermore it will come upon the
land for seven years so the woman arose
and did according to the saying of the
man of God and she went with her
household and dwelt in the land of the
Philistines seven years it came to pass
at the end of seven years that the woman
returned from the land of the
Philistines and she went to make an
appeal to the king for her house and for
her land then the king talked with Kihei
zai the servant of the man of God tell
me please all the great things Elijah
has done how it happened as he was
telling the King how he had restored the
dead to life but there was the woman
whose son he had restored to life
appealing to the King for her house and
for her land and quejas I said my lord o
king this is the woman and this is her
son whom Elijah restored to life and
when the King asked the woman she told
him so the king appointed a certain
officer for her restore all that was
hers and all the proceeds of the field
from the day that she left the land
until now then Elijah went to Damascus
and been hated king of syria was sick
and it was told him the man of God has
come here
take a present in your hand and go to
meet the man of God and inquire of the
Lord by him saying shall I recover from
this disease so has a hill went to meet
him and took a present with him of every
good thing of Damascus 40 camel loads
and he came and stood before him your
son Ben hey Dad
king of Syria has sent me to you saying
shall I recover from this disease go say
to him you shall certainly recover
however the Lord has shown me that he
will really die then he said his
countenance in a stare until he was
ashamed and the man of God wept and has
Al said why is my Lord weeping because I
know the evil that you will do to the
children of Israel their strongholds you
will set on fire and their young men who
will kill with the sword you will dash
their children and rip open their women
with child but what is your servant a
dog that he should do this gross thing
the Lord has shown me that you will
become keen over Syria
then he departed from Elijah and came to
his master who said to him what did
Elijah say to you he told me you would
surely recover but it happened on the
next day that he took a thick cloth and
dipped it in water and spread it over
his face
so that he died and has al reigned in
his place
now in the fifth year of jodan the son
of Ahab king of Israel Jehoshaphat
having been king of Judah
chehon the son of Jehoshaphat began to
reign as king of Judah he was 32 years
old when he became King and he reigned 8
years in Jerusalem and he walked in the
way of the kings of Israel just as the
house of Ahab had done for the daughter
of Ahab was his wife and he did evil in
the sight of the Lord yet the Lord would
not destroy Judah for the sake of his
servant David as he promised him to give
a lamp to him and his sons for ever in
his days Edom revolted against Judah's
Authority and made a king over
themselves so Jerome went to Zaire and
all his chariots with him then he rose
by night and attacked the who
had surrounded him and the captains of
the chariots and the troops fled to
their tents
thus Edom has been in revolt against
Judah's authority to this day and Lib
nur revolted at that time now the rest
of the acts of Joe Tom and all that he
did are they not written in the book of
The Chronicles of the kings of Judah
so joram rested with his father's and
was buried with his father's in the City
of David
then a huzzah his son reigned in his
place
in the 12th year of joram the son of
Ahab king of Israel a Isaiah the son of
Jehovah
king of Judah began to reign
a Hazara was 22 years old when he became
King and he reigned one year in
Jerusalem his mother's name was Ethel I
the granddaughter of Emre king of Israel
and he walked in the way of the house of
Ahab and did evil in the sight of the
Lord like the house of Ahab for he was
the son-in-law of the house of Ahab now
he went with Jordan the son of Ahab to
war against has al king of syria at
ramoth-gilead
and the syrians wounded Jordan then King
Jerome went back to Jezreel to recover
from the wounds which the Syrians had
inflicted on him at Rhema when he fought
against has al king of syria and a has
ire the son of jihad rome king of judah
went down to see jerome the son of Ahab
in Jezreel because he was sick
you
[Music]